# Module 8 - High Level Networking

## Reflection
1. Key differences between unary, server streaming, and bi-directional streaming:
   - `Unary`: A client sends a single request and waits for a single response. Usually used for sending a submission and receiving a confirmation from the server. 
   - `Server streaming`: A client sends a single request and the server pushes a continuous "stream" of responses. Usually used for fetching a long transaction history.
   - `Bi-directional streaming`: Both the client and the server sends continuous messages independently over a single connection. Usually used for chatbot responses, where many users can request and the chat server responds to many.
2. To securely use gRPC, we must implement and configure the TLS (Transport Layer Security). TLS is configured in order to encrypt the binary data sent over the network in case of interception by attackers. Other than that, we can also include authorization checks such as JWTs (JSON Web Tokens) for additional verification. This way, gRPC communications are more robust against attackers.
3. Since the streams are independent, it may cause issues relating to concurrency. We have to carefully manage the shared state without causing any race conditions, especially in Rust. We must also handle network disconnects without crashing the server and ensure that the messagges are processed properly and in order.
4. The Tokio Stream Wrapper is used to make a standard receiver channel able to stream messages. This stream is also compatible with Tonic's gRPC, so it's relatively convenient to use. However, we must manage the channel's buffer size, like `mpsc::channel(4)`. If this buffer is full, it may slow down or block the server's internal works.
5. We can make Rust's gRPC modular by separating it into another dedicated module in our project. For example, we can implement a proto module that consists our .proto files. This way, we can modularize the gRPC transpot layer and separate it from our business logic. This also lets other modules be able to reuse the gRPC connections.
6. In this tutorial, the `MyPaymentService` only returns `success: true` without any additional logic (for the sake of simplicity). However, in the real world implementation, additional steps must be taken in order to process a more complex payment logic. We must add database transactions to calculate balances and add strict error handling for insufficient balance or network timeouts. These alone gives different responses than `success: true`.
7. Since gRPC allows services to communicate with other services as if they were calling local functions. This gives a huge impact in the architecure of distributed systems such as microservices. It makes the code much more readable, making it much more maintainable. This also opens opportunities for cross technology and platform communications. 
8. HTTP/1.1 processes requests sequentially, which can lead to one request blocking the others if it is processed slowly. On the other hand HTTP/2 uses multiplexing to allow multiple requests and responses to happen concurrently on a single connection. However, HTTP/2 can still suffer from TCP-level blocking, where if a single TCP packet is lost, all multiplexed stream must wait, which can be worse in slower networks.
9. REST strictly follows the unary connection type, requiring the client to refresh or poll the server in order to get real-time updates. On the other hand, gRPC allows bi-directional streaming that keeps the connection open. This way, both server and client can send data over that connection without having to refresh/poll each other.
10. In a schema-less approach like JSONs, it is much more readable since it is a plain-text. The data validation must be handled by the developer, requiring them to make extra code. However, JSON is "heavier" compared to the schema-based approach in protocol buffers. Protobufs is binary and schema-based, which means it strictly validates every message against the API contract already defined. This makes protobufs "lighter" and much more faster compared to JSONs.